'With Christmas around the corner, people in and around Colombo can be seen getting in the Christmas spirit. Seen here are people buying Christmas trees kept for sale along the pavement at Town Hall, Colombo. Pic by Kushan Pathiraja '
'With Christmas around, people in and around Colombo saw the spirit of Christmas. Here are people who bought Christmas trees sold through the street of the city hall, Colombo. Pic by Kushan Pathiraja'
September 21, 2018 (LBO) - Fast-growing technology solutions firm, Auxenta, is proud to be named one of the 30 most innovative companies to watch in 2018, along with some of the world's leading technology companies. In Silicon Valley, Auxenta is an innovative software solutions consulting and software engineering services company. She collaborates with companies, independent software vendors, start-ups and non-profit organizations. services offered.Its international clients are spread across several business sectors including Telco, Financial Services, Logistics, Security, Financial Markets, Apparel and Manufacturing. Auxenta offers high-value IT services complemented by innovative software. Originally from Sri Lanka, the firm was founded in 2014 in the startup capital of the world, Silicon Valley. Prasath Nanayakkara, Chief Executive Officer of Auxenta, said, "We are delighted to be named as one of the" 30 Most Innovative Companies to Watch for in 2018 "by US business magazine Insights Success, which is a board of honor of the leading technology companies. Our rapid growth can be attributed to our talented technical staff, our commitment to the latest technology and our innovative frameworks and processes that enable us to succeed because we help our clients succeed.
Sept 21, 2018 (LBO) – The fast-growing boutique technology solutions firm, Auxenta, is proud to be named as one of ‘30 Most Innovative Companies to Watch for 2018’,  with some of the leading tech firms around the globe.Headquartered in Silicon Valley, USA, Auxenta is an innovative software engineering services and technology product consulting company.It works with enterprises, independent software vendors (ISVs), startups and nonprofit organizations.The ethos of the company is to enable digital transformation by leveraging a focused set of service offerings.Its global clients are distributed into multiple industry verticals including Telco, Financial Services, Logistics, Security, Capital Markets, Apparel and Manufacturing. Auxenta offers high value IT services complemented by innovative software products. Having its roots in Sri Lanka, the firm was founded in 2014 in the global startup capital, Silicon Valley.Commenting on the inclusion of Auxenta in the prestigious listing, Prasath Nanayakkara – Chairman and CEO at Auxenta said, “We are delighted to be named as one of ‘30 Most Innovative Companies to Watch 2018’ by US-based business magazine Insights Success, which is an honour roll of leading tech firms. Our rapid growth can be attributed to our talented technical staff, commitment to latest technologies, and innovative frameworks and processes which set us up for success as we help our customers succeed.” 
